graphing landing page updates (#4770)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/graphing/_index.md

description: Visualize your data to gain insight
further_reading:
- link: "https://learn.datadoghq.com/course/view.php?id=8"

>   tag: “Learning Center”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  tag: "Learning Center"
```

>   text: “Building Better Dashboards”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  text: "Building Better Dashboards"
```

---

> Graphs are the window to your monitored systems. You see graphs throughout Datadog, in email notifications, Slack, and other chat clients. You can define graphs for monitoring your infrastructure using metrics, monitors, dashboards, and notebooks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Graphs are the window to your monitored systems. You see graphs throughout Datadog, in email notifications, and Slack and other chat clients. You can define graphs for monitoring your infrastructure using metrics, monitors, dashboards, and notebooks.
```

just changing some punctuation so it doesn't seem like email notifications are a chat client

## Overview

{{< whatsnext desc="This section includes the following topics:" >}}
    {{< nextlink href="/graphing/using_graphs/" >}}<u>Using graphs</u>: Whether using metrics, monitors, dashboards, or notebooks, all graphs have basic functionality in common - start here for best practices for setting up graphs.{{< /nextlink >}}

>     {{< nextlink href="/graphing/dashboards" >}}<u>Dashboards</u>: A dashboard is Datadogs tool that visually tracks, analyzes, and displays key performance metrics to monitor the health of your infrastructure. Learn more about using Screenboards, Timeboards, optimizing those dashboards with template variables, and sharing your graphs to people outside of your Datadog account.{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    {{< nextlink href="/graphing/dashboards" >}}<u>Dashboards</u>: A dashboard is Datadog's tool that visually tracks, analyzes, and displays key performance metrics to monitor the health of your infrastructure. Learn more about using Screenboards, Timeboards, optimizing those dashboards with template variables, and sharing your graphs to people outside of your Datadog account.{{< /nextlink >}}
```

>     {{< nextlink href="/graphing/metrics/" >}}<u>Metrics</u>: When you connect an integration to Datadog, the integration sends metrics about your system back to Datadog. Once Datadog receives these metrics, you can build graphs to explore the data. The Metrics Explorerlets you search for specific metrics and then create graphs based on your search parameters, and the Metrics Summary shows all of the metrics coming into Datadog.{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    {{< nextlink href="/graphing/metrics/" >}}<u>Metrics</u>: When you connect an integration to Datadog, the integration sends metrics about your system back to Datadog. Once Datadog receives these metrics, you can build graphs to explore the data. The Metrics Explorer lets you search for specific metrics and then create graphs based on your search parameters, and the Metrics Summary shows all of the metrics coming into Datadog.{{< /nextlink >}}
```

>     {{< nextlink href="/graphing/metrics/" >}}<u>Metrics</u>: When you connect an integration to Datadog, the integration sends metrics about your system back to Datadog. Once Datadog receives these metrics, you can build graphs to explore the data. The Metrics Explorer lets you search for specific metrics and then create graphs based on your search parameters, and the Metrics Summary shows all of the metrics coming into Datadog.{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer: Do you think we should explain here the page Metrics Explorer/summary  ?

>     {{< nextlink href="/graphing/notebooks" >}}<u>Notebooks</u>: Notebooks combine graphs and text in a linear, cell-based format. They’re designed to help you explore and share stories with your data.{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {{< nextlink href="/graphing/notebooks" >}}<u>Notebooks</u>: Notebooks combine graphs and text in a linear, cell-based format. They are designed to help you explore and share stories with your data.{{< /nextlink >}}
```

>     {{< nextlink href="/graphing/event_stream/" >}}<u>Event Stream</u>: The event stream is a display of the most recent events in your infrastructure.{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {{< nextlink href="/graphing/event_stream/" >}}<u>Event Stream</u>: The event stream is a display of the most recent events generated by your infrastructure and its associated monitors.{{< /nextlink >}}
```

>     {{< nextlink href="/graphing/infrastructure/" >}}<u>Infrastructure</u>: The Infrastructure list page shows all hosts monitored by your Datadog application, including Host and Container Maps, Process Monitoring, and Cloud Functions.{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {{< nextlink href="/graphing/infrastructure/" >}}<u>Infrastructure</u>: The Infrastructure list page shows all hosts monitored by Datadog, including Host and Container Maps, Process Monitoring, and Cloud Functions.{{< /nextlink >}}
```

>     {{< nextlink href="/graphing/infrastructure/" >}}<u>Infrastructure</u>: The Infrastructure list page shows all hosts monitored by your Datadog application. Host Maps visualize hosts together on one screen, with metrics made comprehensible via color and shape, and the container map and live containers shows you the health of your containers. Process Monitoring allows for real-time visibility of the most granular elements in a deployment. Cloud functions are a service that runs your code in response to events and automatically manage the underlying compute resources for you.{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    {{< nextlink href="/graphing/infrastructure/" >}}<u>Infrastructure</u>: The Infrastructure list page shows all hosts monitored by your Datadog application, including Host and Container Maps, Process Monitoring, and Cloud Functions.{{< /nextlink >}}
```

I feel as though going into the details of what each of these are is better on the actual pages.

    {{< nextlink href="/graphing/functions/" >}}<u>From the query to the graph</u>: This sections goes through several topics to give you advanced graphing functions: Algorithms, Arithmetic, Count, Interpolation, Rank, Rate, Regression, Rollup, Smoothing, and Timeshift.{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="/graphing/graphing_json/" >}}<u>Graphing with JSON</u>: Use the API to create graphs.{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="/graphing/widgets/" >}}<u>Widgets</u>: Find all of the types of visualizations you can create with Datadog.{{< /nextlink >}}

>     {{< nextlink href="/graphing/guide/" >}}<u>Guides</u>: These are in-depth, step-by-step tutorials for using this functionality.{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer: which functionality ?

>     {{< nextlink href="/graphing/widgets/" >}}<u>Widgets</u>: Find all of the types of monitors you can create with Datadog.{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    {{< nextlink href="/graphing/widgets/" >}}<u>Widgets</u>: Find all of the types of visualizations you can create with Datadog.{{< /nextlink >}}
```
Since some of these aren't really monitors... "visualizations" probably isn't the best word for them, either, but I guess it's not inaccurate since they are indeed visual? They're... widgets
